# Learn Prolog Now! Exercise Solutions

This is a collection of solutions to exercises found in Learn Prolog Now!
textbook by Patrick Blackburn, Johan Bos, and Kristina Striegnitz.

The book is available online:

http://www.learnprolognow.org/lpnpage.php?pageid=online

However, the authors forgot to include solutions to exercises into the free
version of the book, so this my effort is to correct the mistake.

## Other solutions

I know that paper version of the book contains the solutions, but I don't
possess it and cannot check my solutions.

I also know that there is a blog post that has a link to a zip archive that
supposedly contains the solutions as well. 'Anyone is welcome to use them
for self-checking' - its author says. However, these files are in
proprietary, secret `.doc` format, so I took that as a personal offense.

There is [this repository on
GitHub](https://github.com/dragonwasrobot/learn-prolog-now-exercises). Initially
I thought that it's a good collection of solutions. Then I actually read
them and concluded that programming skill of the author was insufficient. I
opened [an
issue](https://github.com/dragonwasrobot/learn-prolog-now-exercises/issues/4)
to point out that his solutions have flaws. The author admitted that those
solutions are old and 'should be treated with proper caution'.

There is [this
repository](https://github.com/lorenzo-stoakes/learn-prolog-now). What's
wrong with it? Well, it's poorly structured, it has unnecessary 'notes' in
separate directory, in directory 'exercises' there are solutions to only
first 6 chapters (and they are terribly incomplete).

There are other repositories on GitHub. I like [this
one](https://github.com/EPadronU/learn-prolog-now). However, the files don't
contain descriptions of exercises and some solutions can be more
elegant. Worst of all, this repository doesn't have license, so one cannot
know what he/she can do with it. Also, some solutions are still missing. But
anyway it's way better than the others.

So, in this repository I've collected properly organized, elegant solutions
to all exercises and practical sessions. I encourage you to send a pull
request if you know better way to solve some exercise. This repository is
here to help those who learn the language improve their skills by looking at
the best possible solutions.

## License

All solutions, commentaries, and other materials have been placed into
public domain by their author, Mark Karpov.
